## Proposal

Currently the behavior action supports multiple output, but in general the action only have one output, in the case the action must define a parameter named ActionOutput to tell framework it has only one output, it is redundancy since the action return value can be act as action output.

## Solution

Currently the action which only have one output should be like:

```java
public void action(String input, ActionOutput<String> output) {
    ......
}
```

It can be:

```java
public String action(String input) {
    ......
}
```

The return String value will think as action output.

Here, the Behavior framework support two ways to specify action output:

*   One or more action output in the action method parameter list, the framework will consider its order and type.
*   The action method return as action output, the framework will create one action output meta for it.

Framework workflow:

*   The Behavior framework will scan all action parameters, if found action output is defined in the parameter list, the framework will record its order and type, and then ignore action method return.
*   If no action output in the action method parameter list, the framework will try get the action method return type and create one action output method for it if the action method defined its return.

**Module&nbsp;changes:**

*   uapi.behavior.apt module will add code to parse action method return type to generate action output meta if new action output in the action method parameters.
*   uapi.behavior.apt module will add code to generated action process method to support action method return value as action output.

## Q&A

TODO

## Note

TODO