## Proposal

To support integrate resource, network, protocol framework, the behavior and action needs support set attribute from behavior builder.

Below features need to support:

*   FEAT-1: Prototype support set attribute after its instance created.
*   FEAT-2: Behavior action support prototype service.
*   FEAT-3: Behavior builder support set attribute to specific action.

## Solution

### FEAT-1

*   Make `IPrototype` implements `IAttributed` interface.
*   Add `optional` attribute in the `Attribute` annotation.
*   Change `ServiceHandler` to handle `optional` attribute, then in the generated constructor of prototype service instance will only check required attribute, all optional attributes can be set after instance creation.

### FEAT-2

*   When generate code for Action, it will generate new meta class for the Action.
*   The `IActionMeta` which hold existing `IActionInputMeta` and `IActionOutputMeta`, it also contain the Action informations: action id, is prototype.
*   Any Action must use its Action Name string to register it in the Service Repository.
*   The `Repository` will inject `IActionMeta` instead of `IAction`, so the `IAction` instance will be lazy load from Service Repository.
*   The `Repository` has responsibility to check duplicated Action name when Action injection.
*   When construct Behavior, the Behavior Build should check the `IActionMeta`, if the Action is not prototype then it will use Action Name to find action instance from Service Repository, if the Action is prototype, then it will use the Action Attribute to find action instance from Service Repository.

### FEAT-3

*   The Behavior Builder support add attributes for specific prototype action, for instance: `behavior.then(DecodeRequest.class).attributes(attr:Map).then(...)`
*   Like set attribute for current Action in Behavior Build, we can move input setting out of `then` method, like: `behavior.then(DecoeRequest.class).inputs(Object[]).then(...)`

Consider below:

```
behavior.then(ActionInitializer.on(DecodeRequest.class)
    .attributes(attr: Map)
    .inputs(inputs: Object[]))
.then(...)
```

## Q&A

TODO

## Note

TODO