## Proposal

Currently an Action in Behavior create a object, then the object can be share in the Behavior, but we can't use the object in other Behavior, consider the case that we create a network listener in a Behavior, but we want to close the listener in other Behavior, since there is no way to share the listener between two Behaviors, then we have to create a action to create the listener and store the listener in the local, it is complicated.

## Solution

Make Responsible supports store object by specific name, an Action can use ExecutionContext to store data into Responsible and get it back from ExecutionContext.

We will create three common services which used to retrieve service from service repository, store and restore service to and from specific location, here the location is Responsible object which can be retrieve from current behavior context.

The `RetrieveService` is used to retrieve specific service from service repository, it support retrieve prototype service by inputing service attributes.

```java
@Action
class RetrieveService {

    @ActionDo
    public Object action(IExecutionContext ctx, Class serviceType, Map serviceAttr) {
        ...
    }
}

```

The `StoreService` and `RestoreService` is used to store/restore service to/from specific location, the location support `Behavior` scope and `Responsible` scope:

```java
@Action
class StoreService { 

    @ActionDo
    <T> public T action(Context ctx, T service, String name, Scope scope) {
        ...
    }
}

@Action
class RestoreService {

    @ActionDo
    <T> public T action(Context ctx, String name, Scope scope) {
        ...
    }
}
```

Then we can utilize above actions to retrieve/store/restore/invoke a specific service in a behavior.

```java
var httpListenerAttr = Maps.as(“address”, “localhost”, “port”, 80);
resp.newBehavior("Listen Port", ...)
    .then(RetrieveService.class, label, IHttpListener.class, httpListenerAttr)
    .then(StoreService.class, null, ObjRef.LAST, “httpListener”, Scope.RESP)
    .call(ctx -> ((IHttpListener) ctx.lastOutput()).start();)
    .call(ctx -> this._logger.info("Success"))
    .build();
resp.newBehavior("Stop Listen, ...")
    .then(RestoreService.class, null, “httpListener”, Scope.RESP)
    .call(ctx -> ((IHttpListener) ctx.getLast()).stop())
    .call(ctx -> this.logger.info("HTTP Listener stopped.")
    .build();
```

## Feature List

With this solution, we need do below enhancements:

F2.5.1:

*   Add `IBehavior.then(Class actionType, String label, Object... inputs)` supporting, the method will specify action and its inputs to execute.
*   Enhance `ExecutionContext` to support put/get/remove object to the `Responsible` scope.

F2.5.2:

*   A common actions to support retrieve service from service repository.
*   A common action to support store service from specific location, the location supports Behavior and Responsible scope.
*   A common action to support restore service from specific location, the location supports Behavior and Responsible scope.

## Q&A

None.

## Note

None.

## Progress Trace
- [ ] Detailed Design
- [ ] Create Feature Branch
- [ ] Code Implementation
- [ ] Unit Test
- [ ] Feature Test
- [ ] Tutarial Updating
- [ ] Code Commit